>> Jason Lengstorf: The next thing we
wanna do is take our pretty bare bones,
unstyled theme and give it some
base styles, and give it some hook.
So that people who'll use the theme
are able to override those styles, and
make it look like theirs.
So let's go ahead and
install what we need here.
So we'll start in
the gatsby-theme-docs workspace.
And we will add, we're gonna add theme-UI.
We're gonna add gatsby-plugin-theme-UI.
And then there are a couple
dependencies under the hood here.
The first one is emotion/core.
And then we also need mdx-js/react.
Now we've already installed mdx-js/react.
I'm just installing it as part of this to
show the full suite of dependencies in
case anybody skipped ahead.
But it doesn't hurt to run it again.
So, once we've got this in,
we can go into our gatsby-config and
we can just drop in gatsby-theme, or
gatsby-plugin, sorry, plugin-theme-ui.
And so we can see in our package.json,
we've got the gatsby-plugin-theme-UI,
and its dependencies.
And our gatsby-config,
we've got gatsby-plugin-theme-UI.
And what this will do is it'll wrap the
output of the site in a theme provider, so
that different parts of our site
are able to actually access that theme.
To make this actually work,
let's go in and modify a couple things.
So the first thing we wanna do is
let's get our layout to look nice.
And I'm gonna do that by first, I wanna
be able to use the theme UI shortcuts.
It has a prop,
like a convenience prop called SX,
which lets us access
the theme UI props and stuff.
But to do that,
we have to change the pragma.
A pragma for those of you who
aren't familiar with it is
the way that React magically recognizes
JSX and turns it into content.
It's why React has to be in Scope when you
create a component even if you don't ever
actually reference the React import.
So if we change our pragma,
we no longer need React and
Scope because we're providing a new
create element function that will do
basically all the same things that React
does, but it adds extra functionality.
In this case we're adding support for
that SX prop.
So to do that,
I'm going to change our pragma to JSX.
And then down here, I'm going
to import JSX from Beam UI.
And then because we don't
need React anymore,
I'm just gonna swap this
out to fragment only.
And we'll just simplify down like that.
And I'm using fragments so
that we don't get like empty wrapper divs.
Fragment kind of compiles away and
doesn't become actual markup,
which keeps our websites
a little more semantic,
a little bit easier to reason about
if you're looking at the source.
So, now that we've got
this pragma in here,
what we can do is we can
start adding some styles.
And so the first thing that I
wanna add is I'm just gonna add
this SX prop to my header.
And I wanna set the background.
And so one of the things that's a little
tricky at first about theme-UI,
and then wonderful is that
it has shortcut methods so
that you don't have to type out
really long property names.
So instead of typing out background,
I can just type bg.
And I want the background of my header
to be the primary color on my site.
And we haven't defined these colors yet,
so don't worry.
We'll get to that in a second.
I want the color of my header to be
the background color of the site.
I want the font family to
be the heading font family.
And I wanna set the padding,
and because it's a common one,
there's a shortcut,
we can set the padding.
I want the padding to be three.
So I can set that and we can see here
that it's just on the header as a prop,
and this is a theme-UI shortcut for
like theme-UI styles.
Then on the main,
I'm gonna add a few things as well.
So I want to set this one to be,
I only want the margin left and
right to be auto so
that it centers in the screen.
But there's a shortcut for that as well.
We can do margin x or left, right,
and I'm gonna set that to auto.
I'm gonna set the maxWidth to 650 pixels.
I'm gonna set the width to 90, or
90 view port width units I
think is what that's short for.
And that'll prevent it from getting
squished up against the sides on small
view ports.